Add 0.19 release note for submariner-io/submariner-operator#3335 (#1230)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* An exported non-headless Service's `publishNotReadyAddresses` flag is now propagated to the Globalnet ingress Service to allow
  forwarding traffic if there is no backing ready pod.
* Fixed an issue where AWS cloud prepare failed to find the VPC.

> * Fixed and issue with Kubevirt(HCP) clusters which rely on the host loadblancer for gateway node connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with Kubevirt(HCP) clusters which rely on the host loadbalancer for gateway node connectivity.
```

Author: Done.
